okay so the r1b haplogroup yeah is
basically responsible for
90 of the world or more their inventions
basically
the top inventions i mean the r1b
haplogroup
uh which seems to branch out around the
british isles and parts of uh of western
europe um
basically it's been responsible for some
of the greatest literature the greatest
music
the greatest artwork the greatest
sciences
it's just it it's like it's all focused
in that one little area that one little
region
little by comparison one small region
um that all shares the same y chromosome
yep
is that a coincidence you know is there
a genetic cluster in this particular
area that has conquered most of the
world containing
north italy which is rome um
greece which obviously had its own
little empire i believe
um germany which had an empire
france which had an empire isles spain
which obviously conquered the south of
uh south america et cetera and the
british
isles which conquered virtually and even
to this day you find that a lot of like
medical research and uh is being
conducted also in america and australia
and
why would that be think about that
because the r1b haplogroup then
was sent over to those two places
they're colonies you know british
colonies you know scottish irish and
british colonies
so that would make sense yeah yeah
because it's a heavy german
population america there even was during
the colonial times uh
um there were uh and australia's got a
lot of uh
mediterranean folks like look at every
single
civilized country in the world um aside
from the east asians which are kind of
like a separate issue that we could talk
about
another time i don't really feel need to
go into it um
they're all colonized by white people
hi this is a short disclaimer before i
start playing this video for you
in a form that's in no way edited in no
way modified
this is absolutely the same form that
these people themselves uploaded in
the disclaimer is i myself do not agree
with any of the views
in what you're about to see quite the
contrary i'm archiving this year
so that those who are engaged in a
critique of this type of material
have access to it in an unmodified form
the original title as noted actually was
racists break youtube so it was not my
editorializing
i'm not adding that title that's not my
my criticism imposed on this that was
actually the title they used
um i have no idea why the
people you're about to see um deleted
the video
i don't know whether they've deleted it
temporarily or permanently in response
to the very mild criticism that i
offered in relation to it but at this
moment
it has disappeared from public view so i
think it is important that at least
a small number of people have access to
the original tape
again in a form that doesn't have any of
my editorializing added to it
that is not edited but that states their
views
in their own terms in the original way
okay so what do you want to talk about
well um i mean there's so much we could
talk about why don't we start out with
the hypocrisy of the left
okay so what what's
what you're saying well you know one of
the things that really irks me and
something i've been talking thinking
about a lot lately is uh for instance
um how they're all about um we're all
the same you you can't talk about
differences you
um you know don't talk about
inequalities or anything like that's
considered hate speech
um and yet they push diversity you know
you can't have diversity
if there aren't differences so what is
it leftists
are their differences or are there not
differences you know or is it just
um what works in your favor and just
this hypocrisy
and that's just one of many hypocrisy to
the left that's really
just it's like it makes me think they're
idiots you know and um
painfully so yeah
well i guess one of the things that
really annoys me is that they
and i'm not even going to call it the
left uh let's not call it the left
because
it's just the crazies like it's not even
to do with left and right it's just like
these crazy ass people who think and
they do
tend to be in love but not always um
they think such things
as whites are the only ones who can be
racist
blacks can't be racist black lives only
matter if they were killed by white
people otherwise black lives matter
give a [ __ ] which is why black lives
matter completely ignores
the multitude of black on black violence
in chicago
the statistic multitude of it it's like
where are you when a black
kills another black or mass kills blacks
you know
that's common in chicago looking at
statistics yet
where's black lives matter when that
occurs
and the number one race of murderers in
the united states
is black men who comprise of six percent
of the united states population
um if you just specifically look at
black men
and they they're committing i think it's
either half or slightly over half
of all murders in the united states at
any given year
so they're certainly not on the whole an
asset for community in my opinion
um and this is where we start sounding
like
racists and i mean
for me having done the research i've
done
um i'm just fine with being called a
racist at this point
um but what you don't want to be called
a racist or i mean i
the way i view racism um
is you know when you harbor some kind of
hate
or desire to exterminate um
uh you know for unreasonable you know
when you hate or
want to exterminate or get rid of
another race
uh purely based on the race not for any
kind of legitimate
arguments i'm not saying there's a time
to exterminate anyone i'm not
advocating extermination um i'm just
saying that that my view of racism is
when someone just
for no good reason just hates an entire
group of people
blanketly um they don't even look at
like you know
that there might be some that are doing
good just as there's some that are doing
bad
they just hate an entire group of people
blanketly without having any real
justification for it besides the fact
they just
hate them there's no there's no rhyme
nor reason to it
that to me is racism to me it's not
racist to look at facts facts can't be
[ __ ] racist
so i don't see how people can label it
racism when you just look at the cold
hard facts that show that
you know blacks rape more blacks murder
more um
that um we're having a uh an extreme
amount of um
islamic terror occurring in europe
across europe i mean it's getting the
point where it just
so repetitive that every time even a
small scale
uh loss of life occurs in some european
country i instantly go okay i look in
the article i'm like okay where's this
going to say it's muslim
you know it's getting the point where
it's like another another one oh wow
i mean i feel sorry for the victims but
the anger that i used to feel about it
is just kind of fading away because it's
almost like oh again
you know it's like and what's what's
even more angering is that our own
media is taking steps to try to obscure
the fact that it's muslims doing it so
for example
with one guy he was called something
like ali david something something
yeah and was clearly a muslim of the
machete attacker
yeah and was he like persian or
something like that no no he wasn't the
machete attacker he was the uh the
munich gunman
okay there were just so many we can't
remember and um
so yeah they're all coming from the
middle east you know a lot of them are
refugees or children of refugees
um and the
the media is just blatantly trying to
cover up the fact that these are middle
easterners and that we've
seen what is it like five different
terrorist attacks jesus has been in just
like the last week and a half like
it there's it's like one every day or
every other day
sometimes there's been two i've lost
track like they've all just kind of
matched it
there was there was the act situation
there was the the munich situation there
was the mother and her three daughters
that were like stabbed because they were
wearing shorts and a t-shirt
you know and what i have to say about
that is you come to these countries
you know what our customs and lifestyle
is like
you know and then you get angry about it
if you don't like
something like for instance if i don't
like something in another country or
another culture
i'm just not going to go there you know
i'm not going to go there and subject
myself
i don't even care about the muslims or
their motives or whatever
i don't even care about the blacks
and their little problems they have in
their communities etc
i don't care about any of that stuff uh
what i care about is how white people
are dealing with it
and i don't like the fact that white
people are covering up the attacks from
the muslims
letting muslims in who have clearly not
been vetted
letting muslims in in the first place
when we know
that they um what is it like 30
of um certain groups
it's uh 20 to 30 percent of muslims in
different countries in europe
approve of terrorist attacks
so um that's a that's a new number it
just came out i think stephan mullin was
talking yeah
um that was the p that was pure research
so we we have to deal with this [ __ ]
all of this [ __ ] because people are
too afraid to say
wait a minute there's a there's a
correlation going on here there's a
pattern
don't don't forget the whole thing about
like oh but they're moderate there's
moderate muslims too it's like
need i remind you of orlando that was a
modern muslim
moderate muslim we're not allowed to do
basic
pattern recognition which is one of our
survival skills
yeah we're not allowed to go oh patent
pattern pattern
oh muslims keep blowing us up let's stop
letting them in
you're not allowed to say that that's
racist
and you're not allowed to say blacks
keep going around
killing people they're the number one um
deaths by murder or illegal weapons
uh and when even when they do commit
murder overall
um it's it's like 90 of the time done
with an illegal gun
yet these murder rates are given to us
an excuse of why
white people should have their guns
taken away when
what the majority of um
killings by white people with guns is
suicide
which you may think of as a bad thing
but
they're not hurting anyone else when
they do it and it's a personal choice
and personal decision
so i don't really see it as a super big
deal
the government is like that's another
tax paragon yeah
so yeah it's a really big problem um
that we
that uh no one is allowed to speak
openly about these
racial and religious differences that
are causing
white countries massive problems and if
you dare to say
anything about it you are the
evil incarnate and you know you deserve
you're literally hitler apparently yeah
uh people i am not remotely exaggerating
people have lost their jobs for saying
things that have been perceived as
racist
yeah and this brings me back to the
whole point that
facts can't be [ __ ] racist
facts aren't racist yeah there's
there's a multitude of facts you can
look at some of my
other videos you can look at the videos
of american
renaissance um and jared taylor
they you know you can you can look at
the fbi statistics
on race and murder just go to fbi
statistics website
you don't even don't take it from us
just go look with your own eyes
um and then oh they make up all these
excuses
like poor blacks you know it's just this
is somehow
a consequence of slavery and all white
people are responsible for slavery
because like one percent of them
participated in it
even though like we abolished slavery in
the west
and it didn't even last as long as it's
still [ __ ] happening in the middle
east
you know they're still they to this day
they harbor slaves even their the quran
i believe even promotes slavery it
accepts it
um you know it's still happening in
africa i believe as well
you know there's still parts of of asia
where it's occurring like in the
southeast i suppose
um you know so you know they get on they
get on
whites for this when you know it's been
hundreds of years at least a couple
hundred years
and we abolished it in the west and we
in our history of slavery
is nowhere near the history of the rest
of the world
you know it's absurd you know sure we
did it
but you know it was a it was a minority
statistically
but it was comparing you know if you
want to look at the severity scale here
it's like look at the ones who were
still [ __ ] doing it you know
you know including you know blacks get
on whites for slavery they want
reparations for it when in fact
blacks were selling their own kind into
slavery to whites and to the middle east
and to this day i believe there actually
is still slavery in africa
yeah so um there is way way way
more fuss about something white people
did a few hundred years ago
um and virtually no fuss about the
current
slave trade and sex slave trade
going on yeah where are the feminists
when you know
men are you know forcing women into
into sex over in the middle east you
know uh taking away their rights and
treating them as second or third class
citizens where where are the feminists
then it's the same thing with where's
black lives matter when
you know blacks kill blacks in chicago
[ __ ] virtue signalers
[ __ ] dumb virtue signalers that's
what you are you're worthless
well basically they want white people to
pay out of white people to pander
which we have been doing for way too
[ __ ] that's cause there's too many
[ __ ] cucks
and um yeah i mean another thing they do
in the middle east is child
marriage which is basically a
combination of pedophilia and sex slave
oh but that [ __ ] psychopath muhammad
did child marriage you know
he engaged in in in [ __ ] children he
had he had aisha you know who he
lovingly beat
you know not only did he [ __ ] her but he
lovingly beat her as well how many
hollywood movies do we have about this
oh none compared to the what
like tons and tons we have about like
the holocaust and
tons and tons we have about slavery
coming out all the time
um everything is there to demonize white
people it seems
and no one cares to point out the faults
of any other ethnic group
ever and we're fed up with it and if
you're white and
you are just starting to watch this and
you think they're like some
uneducated ignorant white people who
you know had racist parents and were
indoctrinated into racism from a young
age and we just never
like met a black person to relieve us of
our ignorance
that's not the case at all you know i
went to
a series of highly multicultural schools
my own mother refused to allow me to go
to a better school
because it was too white um
and yeah i i've had
friends from all over the world um
and so has corey in fact one of cory's
good
good friends he's a black guy yeah very
intelligent guy
you know this is what i'm saying i i a
racist would
blanketly for no good reason just
hate a group of people if because the
color of a skinner for whatever reason
like for instance johnny would be a
racist because johnny hates all blacks
but why does johnny hate blacks well
they're black you know he doesn't
there's no real good reason for it it's
completely unjustified
now facts like this is what i would keep
we keep saying what we're talking about
facts can't be racist
it's not racist to say that you know
blacks are committing more crime
it's not racist to say and then that's
in general you know it's it's not you
know
racist to say that there are a large
number of arabs i'm not saying all arabs
that are coming into europe and even the
states now uh
committing acts of terror and crime to
the point where it's getting
[ __ ] repetitive like every other day
if not every day
there is one maybe even two acts of
terror or
violence uh in a variety of scale you
know from small to large scale
occurring across europe and germany is
getting a whole [ __ ] load of them right
now in different parts of germany
um it's not racist to say that that's a
that's a that's a fact it's occurring
it's actually happening we're not in
this you're not imagining this so
that's a fact you know but it's not to
say that all blacks are doing this so
that all arabs are doing this you know
but there are a predominant number doing
it
and this isn't racist this is facts you
facts can't be racist
but try telling out the leftists
leftists are these [ __ ] dumb pukes
who when they can't win an argument they
instead try to shame or name
call you know or or you know make you
look better or get your job taken away
from you or whatever it is they try to
ruin your life
it's because they're too [ __ ] dumb to
actually [ __ ] argue with facts
the facts come from they don't know how
to react to the facts they just get
pissed
spat out more [ __ ] you counter they
get more angry and it comes to the point
where they're
they they use the age-old argument of
look [ __ ] you
you know that becomes their argument
that's a common argument amongst idiots
you know but
you know that there's a lot of idiots in
the left it seems you know
um maybe they all have i don't know
maybe this the left is like a um a
magnet for personality disorders or
something i have a friend who has a
belief about that or has a theory that
at the left is like a magnet
for these virtue signaling they they do
narcissistic
people who who um who need attention
they crave attention they don't really
believe in it which is why they hurt
your signal because virtue signaling is
for the [ __ ] lazy
all right anyway yeah it just pisses me
off i hate [ __ ] stupid i'm just gonna
say that i [ __ ] hate dumb
well yeah the irony is that a lot more
of these people have actually graduated
college
you know it's compared to trump
supporters supposedly
they've got more educated voters well
the sjws have taken over college
campuses across america like
you know just this i said this before
okay listen listen listen
i said this before that there's a
difference between um you know
book smarts and somebody who's genuinely
intelligent you can have somebody who
can
who you can you know memorize facts and
can make good grades it doesn't mean
they're doesn't mean they're intelligent
intelligence is how you apply the things
you've learned
the education that you have if you're
[ __ ] dumb then that education is
[ __ ] wasted on you
you know you can regurgitate you know
things you've heard right and left but
if you don't really understand it and
you really can't apply it
then you're not really intelligent you
know i've said it before there are
there are people who work top level jobs
who are
idiots you know they're they're and i've
met some of these they're complete and
utter morons
and then there are people who collect
trash for a living who are brilliant
they just didn't
want to do anything else they didn't
they didn't aspire maybe there are
people who are very smart who are lazy i
don't know why it is
anyway we don't actually have any solid
reason why it is yeah i'm just putting
that out there
um
yeah anyway the other the obvious thing
i want to give you is that
on average 30 000 white women in the
united states are raped by black men
and close to nil
white sorry white men rape black women
so it's a really a one-way street
happening there
um which just goes to show
um that white women
have been made far more vulnerable um
to assault as a result of
blacks being allowed to try to
integrate into a white country which is
america
america was founded by whites for whites
um and i believe that was actually
written in the original constitution i'm
not sure exactly the
which paperwork it was written in but it
was specifically stated but it was a
country for free white men of good stuff
and it brings me to something else too
sorry this is a complete aside but it's
it's related
the whole thing of like you know people
you know claiming that oh well then what
are you doing in america
because you know that wasn't your
homeland et cetera et cetera we
conquered
america we came we had the ability and
we did it
the better man wins that's how it works
and
you know it's supposed to have evolution
watch exactly it's like
you know i'm i'm you know why should
anyone have to feel sorry for the fact
that they came in
and we were all on this planet the same
amount of time we've all been on this
planet the same amount of time it's not
like
you know white people have had some kind
of like you know
three or four or five or even more
thousand year head start
but it looks like you know but it just
looks like you know do we appear like
magicians or something you know
and and you know we we developed these
you know complex societies these
the great architecture the great artwork
the great music the science the
literature et cetera et cetera et cetera
et cetera
not to mention the wheel yeah meanwhile
our counterparts in other countries
were living in mud huts and carrying
baskets on their head you know and in
some places they still do this
like that's how far they've come with
the same amount of time on earth
you know so why what's the reason we're
not saying this because
we hate them no okay we're not saying
this because we want to kill them no
because
exactly for some reason a lot of people
assume i guess that's like some kind of
hitler
association or something um ironically
we're actually corey's here wearing a
butter t-shirt
yeah then i'm here reading but it isn't
for dummies
and we're both vegan so just so you know
we're not just like
we're not just like some bloodthirsty
love killing
inferior beings or something no we we
just hate
stupidity we hate um people who ignore
facts
you know we hate people who um
who twist things around you know it it's
just absurd
this whole white guilt thing is absurd
now i'm not advocating like i said i'm
not advocating we go over to any other
country and wipe these people out
now we have conquered in the past you
know and uh that is because we came in
and we were able to you know because we
were technologically superior
exactly as a result of being
intellectually i mean if the if if the
native population
of a uh territory we went into uh was
capable of defeating us we would have
been defeated and we would have left
you know it wouldn't have worked out
very well but you know the only reason
we were able to do it is because why why
why
we could yeah we had such things as
boats and
guns and they thought we were gods when
we arrived in south america
in some places they call them the white
devils but uh
yeah no in a lot of places they thought
we were gods when we stepped off the
boats
you know because we'd never seen anyone
do that we'd never seen
men wearing armor or having
guns or you know anything remotely like
that don't quote me on this but i think
that uh
that like only some only nations and
only people in europe
and parts of asia east asia and uh
and and parts of india had even cr
even were able to uh craft weapons out
of like
metals like you know in many of these
places they were still
using [ __ ] sticks and rocks and
spears and uh maybe putting bone at the
end of something for uh
an arrow um they hadn't even learned how
to
shape metal you know into you know
advanced weaponry so of course we were
going to come in and conquer without
much
problem you know yeah and then we are
told
oh the only reason that we conquered
them was because they were such peaceful
people
no a lot of them were cannibals a lot of
them were doing human sacrifices
stabbing people's hair off scale you
know
they were committing genocide within
their own little groups
um these these weren't just as savage
people
you know and that's what they called
routinely
savages and that's what they were when
we turned up
um and of course you can you know that's
i guess
that's a subjective description so you
can say well i don't think they were
savages
but the general consensus um was that a
lot of these
groups of people who we conquered were
savages and the reason why we thought
earth savages
was because they acted like savages they
do such things as crapping in their own
water supply
which they still do yeah which was still
spending
millions and millions of dollars in
foreign aid and trying to educate them
not to do
europeans would come in and like build
farms for them and try to show them how
to farm and
then once those europeans left the farm
would fall into disrepair because they
just either they just [ __ ] didn't
they didn't
either they didn't know how to do it or
they got they were too lazy to do it
but when you live in a country you can
walk outside a coconut falls in your
head i mean you don't really have any
need to like
have to learn how to do complex things
like farming to to survive basically
because you can just
find food like easily you know it's just
you know whereas europeans let me go
through an ice age and therefore had to
learn how to work in groups how to learn
how far we started
and plan ahead we started using
agricultural technology eight to ten
thousand
years ago when we settled after the ice
age
as the original humans settling
in areas of ireland britain france et
cetera
and so the r1b haplogroup
yeah is basically responsible for 90 of
the world or more
their inventions basically the top
inventions
i mean the r1b haplogroup uh which seems
to branch out around the british isles
and parts of
western europe um basically has been
responsible for some of the greatest
literature the greatest music
the greatest artwork the greatest
sciences
it's just it it's like it's all focused
in that one little area that one little
region
little by comparison one small region
um that all shares the same y chromosome
yep
is that a coincidence you know is there
a genetic cluster in this particular
area that has conquered most of the
world
containing north italy which is rome
um greece which obviously had its own
little
empire i believe um
that germany which had an empire france
which had an empire
spain which obviously conquered the
south of uh south america etc
and the british isles which conquered
virtually
and even to this day you find that a lot
of like medical research
and uh is being conducted also in
america and australia and
why would that be think about that
because the r1b haplogroup then
was sent over to those two places
they're colonies you know british
colonies you know scottish irish and
british colonies
so that would make sense yeah yeah
because there's a heavy german
population in america there even was
during the colonial times uh
um there were uh and australia's got a
lot of uh
mediterranean folks like just look at
every single
civilized country in the world um aside
from the east asians which are kind of
like a separate issue that we could talk
about
another time i don't really feel need to
go into it um
they're all colonized by white people
and this is not because white people
have gone around
stealing and as as we are told like they
just stole the gold of the locals or
something
um which i'm sure they did steal some
gold but come on how much gold did these
people have they couldn't even
they don't think they were very
technologically advanced enough to even
get right
i knew there was gold there they weren't
working with metals they probably didn't
even know there was gold there
like you know we just happened to find
these resources that we could use
yeah so there's this kind of idea that
we've like we've stolen everything off
them and that's how we got wealthy
no we were we were the wealthiest um
area right before we went out branched
out and built all these massive ships
and went out
and uh conquered the areas so anyway
yeah uh we're just fed up with being
told that
the only reason white people are wealthy
is because they're bad people and that
all their ancestors were bad people
and now we have to pay in foreign aid
in welfare by giving our countries up
uh by giving our citizenships up to
um people from third world countries and
then the force diversification the
neighborhoods but bear in mind we're all
the same
do you want to talk about that as well
um yeah it's like you know i
i've heard i i don't know if this is
conspiracy or what but i've heard that
obama has a plan to force diversify
neighborhoods in america that are what
you would call lily white in america
which is basically their
upper class uh white pretty much white
only neighborhoods that
have extraordinarily low crime rates
obviously
um think what parts of westchester new
york for example
um and i hear that that obama has a plan
i believe that it's going to be uh
carried over if hillary becomes
president that she's got somebody from
obama's team that's working with her
uh it's like his legacy sort of thing
where they're going to force diversify
these neighborhoods where the
government's going to buy up houses in
these neighborhoods
and put low-income um ethnically diverse
families into them including
people that are known violent criminals
into these neighborhoods to force and to
inject diversity
again these are people who claim that
we're all the same then why
use the word diversity you [ __ ]
[ __ ]
you know that doesn't make any [ __ ]
sense hypocrisy much yeah
but the point is they're going to force
diversify neighborhoods so that all
neighborhoods are
forced uh and basically by doing this it
would also also prevent white flight
because
um which is something that does occur
historically because where the [ __ ] are
you going to go if all neighborhoods are
ending are going to be ending up
being force diverse diversified you know
that's that's
uh so like obviously they're trying to
counter the potential of white flight as
well which does historically happen
it even happened in the south bronx uh
if i'm not mistaken
uh was once a um a very white
neighborhood and that it's basically
fallen into become a [ __ ]
essentially
because when the uh ethnic diversity
began to come into that neighborhood
the whites [ __ ] off and and basically
left
them um the neighborhoods fell in
disrepair because the the locals um
that are that are remaining there just
don't take care of the neighborhoods
they don't
keep them up yeah i think we all know
this intuitively
i mean everyone's driven through a
really crap area and being like oh why
this is a really crap barrier and it's
like oh it's
it's populated by ethnics i wonder why
it's the kind of areas that the area
that me and a friend of mine jokingly
say like when you go when you pass
through these if you end up in one
uh hold on to your wallet
yeah like we all we all intuitively know
that there are certain groups of people
who have a higher crime rate who are
[ __ ] at doing anything who can't turn up
on time to places
who are extremely unreliable and make
mistakes all the time and expect to get
bailed out for it
um and but yet we're told
that to have this pattern recognition
ability
is to create a stereotype and creating
stereotype is wrong and evil and you
shouldn't do that
so we give ourselves a mental
[ __ ] slap whenever we whenever a little
voice in our head says hm maybe it's
maybe i should cross the road now this
gang of black men is walking towards me
we give ourselves a mental [ __ ] slap um
for even thinking that
um and then it actually makes us
more vulnerable to like getting mugged
raped in that situation um but in their
in
a more um
in a wider picture situation it makes us
more vulnerable
to thinking that inviting a lot of
people who want to kill us into the
country is a good idea
and it's worth noting too that notice
this is only happening in western
countries do you see
any forced diversification occurring in
africa in the middle east yeah do you
see japan taking in do you see a bunch
of like you know
europeans or americans or australians
that are just [ __ ]
dying to get into the middle east and
immigrate over there do you see any
churches being built in saudi arabia
i mean in fact in i think i was just
reading a news article that in japan and
china
maybe just china but let's just say east
asia in general
they're trying to keep islam from
spreading they're actually putting laws
in place
preventative measures to halt the spread
of islam over there
they don't want it come on they i would
that money they don't even have more
than two percent of muslims
which is why when i saw there's that
that knife attack that happened recently
in japan
it was one of the only violent attacks
in the news that i've seen lately where
i did not suspect muslims
i'm just gonna say but every other
attack i've like i'm just looking in the
article i'm like okay this again
this is where am i going to find that
it's like a muhammad or an ahmed
that committed this attack i mean it
just it's becoming
so repetitive that it's almost like
another one
oh another one you wake up the next day
and you look in the news another one
another one another one another one yeah
you know to the point where even stefan
mullin who's getting [ __ ] tired of
doing the same videos
yeah i mean anyone who's not too stupid
to realize what's happening is just
basically getting tired of that but i
mean
we went to a restaurant and there was
this girl sitting next to us talking to
another woman
and she was like oh i heard that like
it's the niece attacker um that she she
had heard that he was just mentally ill
mentally ill
hated people a one-off thing it's like
[ __ ] kidding me yeah
he was just like a lone wolf who just
woke up i'm not gonna like deny that he
might be mentally ill i mean to follow
islam
but i mean like uh it's just the fact
that what he did and i believe he didn't
didn't isis
claim responsibility for that didn't he
claim that he was doing it for the isis
that he was doing it for the uh islamic
state he had planned it ahead for months
so you know if he's that mentally
unstable
not to mention the fact that france in
general and not just niece but france in
general has
some of these strictest [ __ ] gun laws
and this guy was packing a [ __ ] small
army in the back of his truck
you know he obviously had connections
this wasn't just some sick guy who woke
up one day and said i want to go [ __ ]
kill a lot of people
and just happens to be you know an arab
this is somebody who
had connections to basically have enough
artillery to [ __ ] supply a small army
in the back of his truck
in a place with the tightest weapon you
know assault weapon
laws yeah anyway i guess we've been
going on for
quite a while now but we i just want to
speak up
because we don't see anyone else um
speaking up in the media
um the vast majority of people even on
places like youtube et cetera are not
speaking up
uh a lot of people get banned when they
start yeah it's unpopular um
or they get harassed and shamed and i
mean i i've on on my own channel
i've had uh people you know come out and
attack me
like try to shame me name call things
like that because
because of tara you know my girlfriend
and
because i'm friends with the golden one
so they and and these idiots don't know
what a nazi is so they say but did you
know the golden one's a nazi it's like
no i didn't know he was a national
socialist you know i just thought he was
a nationalist you know i didn't know he
was a national socialist in fact i
thought he was kind of he didn't really
agree with socialism
these [ __ ] idiots have no idea they
throw the word nazi around like
they don't even know what it means you
know it's that's the thing about the
leftists they don't even have a [ __ ]
clue
and uh i think they actually just use
nazis synonymous with nationals yeah
yeah they call people literally hitler
you know yeah and being a nationalist
just means you want the best for your
country it doesn't mean that yeah
and it doesn't mean that you condone by
anything i'm sure there are there are
african nationalists i'm sure there are
people who are nationalists of the
middle eastern countries it's like there
are in asia
and in europe there's nothing wrong with
being in nationals nothing wrong with
taking pride in your people
and your ancestry and where you've come
from and those people who [ __ ] died
before you so you can have the goddamn
rights to be around right now and speak
you know and and attack them and and and
have this
white guilt you wouldn't even [ __ ] be
here
if those people hadn't been here before
you you know so show a little
[ __ ] respect for your ancestry just a
little [ __ ] respect
you know there's nothing wrong with
having respect it's not racist to love
your ancestry it's not
racist to have pride in your ancestry
it's not racist to
to um to want the best for your people
and your nation your country it's not
racist to do these things
so stop [ __ ] calling people racist
who want these things because
it's absurd like i didn't give a [ __ ] if
they call me a racist
i don't give a [ __ ] i'm just for me i
don't really care they can call
i've been called that have been called
worse but the thing is is that it's
stupid and i can't handle stupid stupid
[ __ ] things up for the rest of us
that's the problem with stupid low iq's
[ __ ] things up for the rest of us um
yeah so um if if you wonder why these
correlations are happening
it's because of physiological reasons
brain differences hormonal differences
yeah uh we are very different we built
we look very different on the outside
and we
are very different on the inside
evolution doesn't just happen on the
surface
races and gender we're all different you
know you know it's absurd to say we're
all the same because tell me the last
time that a female power lifter
who her max was as great as a male power
lifter
and tell me more why it's fair when
somebody who is a transgender who still
has their balls and dick
is competing against women in like a
sport or an olympic sport or something
it's like it's not fair there's a reason
why
they segregate the genders because
they're not the same
as the same thing with the races we're
not the same but you know
that's just how it is you know it's not
racist to state the facts but
these leftists want to live in a little
rainbow colored world where
roses and rainbows and everything smell
sweet and everything tastes good and
everyone is [ __ ] equal
that's not the case it's a bit of a
better a better pill to swallow
when you realize that people are born
with a genetic cap on their iq yeah
you know some people who are born
they're never going to have an iq higher
than 85.
whatever you do give them treat them
like a prince and they will and
the thing about that is is that so you
know you were i know you can't help
being born under
in a specific country with a specific
you know a specific race or a specific
iq or whatever
you know but the thing is like let's say
you're born with an 85
iq just like somebody who's born with a
two inch dick
that's like i'm sorry you got the [ __ ]
of the stick i mean
what you can't really do anything about
it but you know
just make the best of what you got i
guess but you know to go around saying
that everyone is equal when there are
inherent differences
um even amongst you know whites there
are inherent differences you know there
are some whites that
you know i meet that that are so low in
iq and i and i'm just like
i can't even talk to these people i
can't have a reasonable conversation
with them it's
it's just ridiculous you know there's
just inherent differences you know
nobody
is that we're all different you know
there are people there's always going to
be someone smarter
someone less intelligent someone who's
got a bigger dick someone's got a
smaller dick
somebody who's more talented in a given
area somebody who's less talented
somebody has no [ __ ] talents you know
there's always going to be differences
there are differences we're not all the
same
and it's absurd to try to say that we're
all the same when the differences are
smack you in the face obvious yeah you
know
just [ __ ] look too observe try to
demonize people
for exercising basic pattern recognition
abilities
okay you know there are patterns
based on what happens within ethnic
groups and
people will say it's cultural and oh
it's just how they were brought up etc
but no i believe that culture
is um secondary to genetics
so if people are like violent have
violent tendencies in their culture
it's normally secondary to genetic
physiological biological reasons
you know um in white society we have a
high trust culture
but this is after like thousands and
thousands of years
of killing off the people who are
criminals you know because we used to
kill them
we used to just get rid of them get them
out of a gene pool
yeah um and that's why we don't have so
many criminals
same with samurai in japan you know it's
like
if you were a criminal you lost your
head or you could slice down the middle
of a body with a samurai
or if you were you know if you were if
you basically um
dishonored your family or your line or
lineage or yourself or with some way you
would commit her carry you commit like
you know ritual suicide
and you would basically gut yourself um
to
show to redeem yourself essentially you
know and you did redeem yourself
by not reproducing you won a darwin
award and did your race a favor
um and that's what we've been doing for
thousands of years whereas in africa
it's literally like the
most violent man gets the most women you
know in this kind of situations
um so they just have not evolved in the
same way that we have and that comes
down to the whole arc
our selected case selected thing as well
which is another difference we're not
all the same
you know so um yeah we've um
we have different genes you know people
say oh
our dna only differs by 0.5 or something
but hey
our dna only differs by 0.5 with monkeys
as well i know like
i think it's like one percent with some
almost one percent with some some
gorillas or something we can't
mate with them so obviously a
significant difference you know and
believe me there are scientists who have
attempted to
see if gorilla sperm can impregnate you
know um
if human if sorry if male sperm human
sperm can pregnant female gorillas and
and uh if if they if a uh yeah that's
kind of vice versa i'm just saying like
you know it just goes to show that you
can't you know no matter how close we
may be
in genetically speaking yeah yeah if a
species can't
mate yeah this is another thing like
we're routinely told but um it's
perfectly fine to mix races
yet there are reproductive and birthing
difficulties
and mortalities that occur as a result
of race mixing
which i'll probably make a video about
in the future but we're just not told
this this is just just gets covered up
um the thing is that the doctor is not
saying things about that could actually
cause
harm to the mother yeah well i guarantee
you the doctors aren't even getting told
about
it you know unless they're looking at
specific research in this area
so yeah everything is getting [ __ ] up
in our countries
um as a result of us putting our heads
in the sand
and refusing to just stand up and say
yes there are racial differences and yes
it is a problem to import some of these
races into our countries you know some
are more problematic than others
on the bright side people i think are
beginning to wake up a little more a
little more i mean
with the absurdity of what's happening
in europe right now with like a
literally every other day
attack from muslims and you can see the
media is now actually starting to not
mention that it's muslims because i
think they're realizing holy [ __ ] this
is happening every
[ __ ] day people are going to start
liking oh what and making
even the dumbasses are going to start
connecting the [ __ ] dots sooner or
later they're not proposing that it's
racist to call it terrorism
yeah um but the thing is is that like
what else is people are beginning to
wake up now
uh donald trump is even in the lead and
it definitely helps the dnc leak that
just occurred but
you know people i think are beginning to
wake up they're seeing the absurdities
they're beginning to connect the dots
you know and uh you know there obviously
is going to be a lot of cognitive
dissonance
as well and there's going to be those
who just refuse to wake up and um
some that tara and i have encountered
recently um
you know for one reason they're too
stubborn to wake up but there are people
who are waking up and they're realizing
that you know shit's getting real
basically and we need to
um you know preserve and yeah
the first that people realize this the
less damage we do
so if you are already aware of this kind
of stuff
you really really need to start planting
seeds
in people's minds carefully suggesting
certain things in a gentle way and then
again a few weeks later suggesting
something else and slowly
um slowly some people may come around to
it without even realizing that it was
you
who catalyzed this change of mind yeah i
have i actually have a friend who uh who
tara has um
actually repealed uh and the way he got
red pill it's kind of funny um
is that he was presented with data by
tara
just in casual conversation that he
couldn't uh refute
uh and he was a leftist a hardcore
leftist that he tried to find people who
could help refute including a scientist
who could help him refute uh what he was
presented with because he couldn't
adequately do it himself he just knew
something wasn't quite right
and when this scientist who also was a
leftist
basically said taranis to check her
[ __ ] privilege which is the
common comeback that means i don't have
a [ __ ] argument against what you're
saying i can't debate you so it's like
the [ __ ] you
argument um you know he when he realized
that being that he's an intelligent guy
he was like yeah shit's not lining up
here there's something up you know this
you know if this person can't even
figure it out and her black lives matter
friends can't even figure it out
and can't come back with a retort and
the best that she can come back with is
check your privilege which is a
non-argument
um he just woke up he literally woke up
then and there he was like well just
something
isn't something's a mess something isn't
right and looked into it more and now
he's a stark raving you know alt-right
guy who is like
concerned about europe concerned about
america he he's mad about the state
he lives in how [ __ ] leftist it is
but at the same time he's too poor to
move
but he's always going on about that i'm
not going to give any more details about
him um
uh because i you know uh not that anyone
probably even knows who he is but
anyway like i think that um from my
perspective right now
i think the number one thing we can do
is to
wake up those people who are willing to
listen
we don't need everyone to hear it we
just need a small percentage of a
population who are willing to listen
um to the to the fact to look at them to
examine them
as i was a few years ago and even if
they're a little resistant at first
it's just opening their eyes to it
because once you plant that seed if
someone's intelligent and someone's
reasonable
you know even a modicum of intelligence
that they're going to that seed is going
to sprout little by little by little
and they're going to start they might
start exploring things themselves or
reading more or listening or watching
more videos or something
and eventually though they're they're
going to come to the same conclusions
and they're going to have these eureka
moments where
it's like oh why didn't i know this why
never like this before holy [ __ ] i was
in the dark you know
i was brainwashed yeah so i think
american renaissance
has some really excellent speeches
by professors scientists stephen mullen
who has some excellent
interviews by uh professors and
scientists if you need a sort of a light
entry into it uh this politics of watson
yeah he's like he's like alt-right
light basically it's like this is like
like an introduction here
i well he doesn't appeal to me maybe he
maybe it works for some people
but anyway yeah he he's very limited in
my opinion like he's not
he doesn't even believe it for race
issues there's another really good
channel too that i don't know if tara is
familiar with but um
it does a lot of debates with uh with uh
with blacks
and um and that sort of thing and uh
basically the stupidity of the left as
well he's always often leftists
and that is a channel called atheism is
unstoppable now i'm not an atheist
myself i'm an agnostic so
regardless of that but he's a pretty
intelligent guy his is um
his uh uh avatar is a kangaroo
and uh he does some pretty good videos
that are pretty eye-opening they're
pretty interesting there's also a guy
called i think his name is tommy
sotomayor or something
and um he calls out the craziest [ __ ]
that black women do
and it's kind of entertaining to watch
although quite sad
obviously because they tend to do stuff
like killing their own kids
which is more prevalent among blacks
than whites due to our selection
um but i won't go into that too much you
can look it up if you want
um so yeah like i i encourage you to
make videos
i'm going to start trying to make some
of my own videos even though i'm in a
free speech limited zone right now which
i'm not very happy
about but she's actually reconsidering
moving to the states now
we keep going back and forth we were in
brighton and we were like you know oh
uk will be a great place to live and we
were looking at places in the uk we're
looking at places to rent it'd be a
quick move like you know like lake
district and places like that we're
looking all over the uk uh
new york northumberland uh south um
around brighton area as well and you
know but then we suddenly just had i
thought like well maybe the us
is actually better we did a pros and
cons list of uh
of reasons why one would be better than
the other and uh yeah basically i have
more freedom of speech in the us
and we have guns so yeah to sum up like
we're just desperately hoping that trump
gets elected
we're about what three months away from
finding out yeah yeah but he's in the
lead today
he's there's a lot of bernie sanders
supporters a lot of democrats don't want
to vote for hillary especially at the
dnc leak
you know so trump is taking the lead i
mean it really did hurt a blow i mean
she doesn't really have any real good
arguments against uh trump
and trump's got some bombshells to drop
on her
you know she's taking blows right and
left i bet she's [ __ ] herself right
now like
[ __ ] herself probably i don't know i
think she might be too psychopathic to
actually have any emotions yeah the
psychopaths love that attention they
they love
winning and when they're losing you know
don't they i'm sure they're going to go
into some kind of a [ __ ] like rage
yeah i think they get angry about it
she's probably slapping bill around
she's done it before
punching my face he's probably getting
beaten up by his wife
oh my fellow americans my wife keeps
find it hard to feel sorry for a serial
rapist
yeah i did not rape that woman then he
comes out later it's like i did have
sexual relations with that woman
it was on the news in the mid 90s it
wasn't i didn't rape her but anyway
oh never mind all right okay so thanks
for watching
um if uh ask questions if you want if if
you're kind of new to the stuff
um we are very much open to answering
i'll try and answer as many of your
questions as possible um
and yeah hopefully you can watch my next
video if you're not subscribed yet this
is a good time to subscribe
uh because i've got a few ideas about
some upcoming videos so
thanks very much for watching and bye